module Anagram (isAnagramIndicator) where

isAnagramIndicator "abandoned" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abnormal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "about" = True
isAnagramIndicator "absurd" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abused" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abysmal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "accident" = True
isAnagramIndicator "acrobatics" = True
isAnagramIndicator "action" = True
isAnagramIndicator "active" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adapted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "addled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adjusted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adrift" = True
isAnagramIndicator "affected" = True
isAnagramIndicator "afresh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "after a fashion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "agile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "agitated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "all over the place" = True
isAnagramIndicator "altered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "alternative" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amazing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amendment" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amiss" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amok" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anarchic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "animated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anomalous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "another" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anyhow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "around" = True
isAnagramIndicator "arrange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "arrangement" = True
isAnagramIndicator "artful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "askew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "assembled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "assorted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "astray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "at odds" = True
isAnagramIndicator "at random" = True
isAnagramIndicator "atrocious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "at sea" = True
isAnagramIndicator "at sixes and sevens" = True
isAnagramIndicator "awful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "awkward" = True
isAnagramIndicator "awry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "baffled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bananas" = True
isAnagramIndicator "barking" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bastardization" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bats" = True
isAnagramIndicator "battered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "batty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "beaten" = True
isAnagramIndicator "beaten up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "become" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bedlam" = True
isAnagramIndicator "belted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bendy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "berserk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bespoke" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bizarre" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blasted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blazing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blown up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "boiled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "break up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "brewed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "broach" = True
isAnagramIndicator "broadcast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "broken" = True
isAnagramIndicator "broth" = True
isAnagramIndicator "buckled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "buffalo" = True
isAnagramIndicator "building" = True
isAnagramIndicator "built" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bungled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "burst" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bust" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bustling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "busy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "butcher" = True
isAnagramIndicator "by arrangement" = True
isAnagramIndicator "by mistake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "Byzantine" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "can be" = True
isAnagramIndicator "careless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "carved up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cavorting" = True
isAnagramIndicator "changed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chaotic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "choppy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chopped up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "churn" = True
isAnagramIndicator "circulated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "clobber" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cocktail" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cock-up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "code" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compilation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "complex" = True
isAnagramIndicator "complicated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "composition" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "comprising" = True
isAnagramIndicator "concealed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "concoction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "confused" = True
isAnagramIndicator "constituents" = True
isAnagramIndicator "construction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contorted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contrived" = True
isAnagramIndicator "conversion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "converted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "convoluted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "convulsing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cooked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "correct" = True
isAnagramIndicator "correction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "corrupt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "could be" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cracked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cracked up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crackers" = True
isAnagramIndicator "craftily" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crashed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crazy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "criminal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crooked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crude" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crumbly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crushed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cuckoo" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cunningly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "curious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "daft" = True
isAnagramIndicator "damaged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dancing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dashing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "defective" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deformed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "delirious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "demented" = True
isAnagramIndicator "demolish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deplorable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deployed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deranged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "derived from" = True
isAnagramIndicator "design" = True
isAnagramIndicator "desperate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "destroyed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "destruction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "desultory" = True
isAnagramIndicator "devastated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "developed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deviant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "devilish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "devious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dicky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "different" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disarray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disfigured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disguised" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dished out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dishevelled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disintegrating" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disjointed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dislocated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dismantled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disorderly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disorganized" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disorientated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dispersed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disposed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disrupted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disseminated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distilled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distorted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distraught" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distressed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disturbed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disturbance" = True
isAnagramIndicator "diverse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dizzy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "doctor" = True
isAnagramIndicator "doddery" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dodgy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "done" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dotty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dreadful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dressed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "drifting" = True
isAnagramIndicator "drunk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dubious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dud" = True
isAnagramIndicator "duff" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dynamic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "easily" = True
isAnagramIndicator "eccentried" = True
isAnagramIndicator "elaborate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "elastic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "embroil" = True
isAnagramIndicator "emendation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "engendering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "engineer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ensemble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "entangle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "err" = True
isAnagramIndicator "errant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "erratic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "erroneous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "erupt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "eruption" = True
isAnagramIndicator "evolution" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exchange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "excited" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exercising" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exotic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "explode" = True
isAnagramIndicator "explosive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "extraordinary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "extravagant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fabricated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "false" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fanatical" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fancy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fantastic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fashion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "faulty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fermented" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fickle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fiddled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fishy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fixed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flailing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flexibly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "floundering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fluctuate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fluid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flurry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flustered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flying" = True
isAnagramIndicator "foolish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "for a change" = True
isAnagramIndicator "forced" = True
isAnagramIndicator "forged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "form" = True
isAnagramIndicator "foul" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fractured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fragmented" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frantic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "freak" = True
isAnagramIndicator "freaking out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "freely" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frenetic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frenzied" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frenzy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fresh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "freshly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frightfully" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frisky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frolicsome" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fuddled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fudge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "funny" = True
isAnagramIndicator "furiously" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gaffe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gambol" = True
isAnagramIndicator "garbled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "generating" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gets" = True
isAnagramIndicator "giddily" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gingerly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "giving" = True
isAnagramIndicator "going crazy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gone" = True
isAnagramIndicator "go off" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grim" = True
isAnagramIndicator "groomed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grotesque" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ground" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hammered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "haphazard" = True
isAnagramIndicator "harassed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "harmed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "havoc" = True
isAnagramIndicator "haywire" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hectic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hideous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "higgledy-piggledy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "high" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horribly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horrid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horrific" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hotchpotch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hybrid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "idiotic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill-bred" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill-disposed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill-formed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill-treated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "imperfect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "improper" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inaccurate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in a ferment" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in a jumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in a mess" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in a whirl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "incorrect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in disarray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in disguise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inebriated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inept" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in error" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ingredients" = True
isAnagramIndicator "injured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in motion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inordinate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in pieces" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in ruins" = True
isAnagramIndicator "insanely" = True
isAnagramIndicator "interfered with" = True
isAnagramIndicator "intoxicated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "intricate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "invention" = True
isAnagramIndicator "involved" = True
isAnagramIndicator "irregular" = True
isAnagramIndicator "irritated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "itinerant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jaunty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jazzy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jerky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jiggling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jittery" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jolting" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jostling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "juddering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "juggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jumbled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jumping" = True
isAnagramIndicator "junk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kind of" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kinky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knead" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knocked about" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knotted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "laboured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "labyrinthine" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lawless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lax" = True
isAnagramIndicator "liberally" = True
isAnagramIndicator "liquid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lively" = True
isAnagramIndicator "loony" = True
isAnagramIndicator "loosely" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lost" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ludicrous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lunatic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "made-up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "madness" = True
isAnagramIndicator "make" = True
isAnagramIndicator "make up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malformed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malfunction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malleably" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maltreated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "managed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mangle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manipulate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manoeuvre" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manufacturing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mashed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "massage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maul" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maybe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mayhem" = True
isAnagramIndicator "meandering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "medley" = True
isAnagramIndicator "melange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mêlée" = True
isAnagramIndicator "melted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mental" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mess" = True
isAnagramIndicator "metamorphosis" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mince" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mint" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misbehaving" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mischievously" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misfit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misguided" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mishandled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mishap" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misinterpret" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mislead" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mismanagement" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misplace" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misprint" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misrepresented" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misshapen" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misspell" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mistake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mistreat" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misuse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mix" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mixed up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mixture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mix-up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mobile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mobilize" = True
isAnagramIndicator "modelled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "modification" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mongrel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mount" = True
isAnagramIndicator "move" = True
isAnagramIndicator "movement" = True
isAnagramIndicator "moving" = True
isAnagramIndicator "muddled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "muff" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mushy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mutation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mutilation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mutinous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mysterious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nastily" = True
isAnagramIndicator "naughty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "neatened" = True
isAnagramIndicator "new" = True
isAnagramIndicator "not in order" = True
isAnagramIndicator "not properly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "not right" = True
isAnagramIndicator "novel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nuts" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nutty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "obstreperous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "odd" = True
isAnagramIndicator "oddball" = True
isAnagramIndicator "off" = True
isAnagramIndicator "orderly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "organization" = True
isAnagramIndicator "organized" = True
isAnagramIndicator "originally" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ornate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "otherwise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "outlandish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of hand" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of joint" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of order" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of place" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of sorts" = True
isAnagramIndicator "outrageous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "outré" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "panic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "paranormal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pastiche" = True
isAnagramIndicator "peculiar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pell-mell" = True
isAnagramIndicator "performing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perhaps" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perplexed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perturb" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perverse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perversion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pervert" = True
isAnagramIndicator "phoney" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pickle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pie" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pitching" = True
isAnagramIndicator "plastered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "plastic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "play" = True
isAnagramIndicator "playing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pliably" = True
isAnagramIndicator "poorly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pop" = True
isAnagramIndicator "possibly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "potential" = True
isAnagramIndicator "potty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "prancing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "preparation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "prepared" = True
isAnagramIndicator "problem" = True
isAnagramIndicator "processed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "produce" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pseudo" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pulverize" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pummelled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put right" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put straight" = True
isAnagramIndicator "puzzling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "queer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "questionable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quirky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quivering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ragged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rambling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rampage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rampant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "randomly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ravaged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "raving" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reaction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rearranged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reassembled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rebuilt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recollected" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recondition" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reconfigured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reconstructed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reconstruction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recreated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rectified" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recycled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redeveloped" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redistributed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redraft" = True
isAnagramIndicator "re-edit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reeling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "refashioned" = True
isAnagramIndicator "refined" = True
isAnagramIndicator "refit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reformed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "refurbished" = True
isAnagramIndicator "regenerated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "regulated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rehash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rejig" = True
isAnagramIndicator "remade" = True
isAnagramIndicator "remarkable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "remodel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "renovated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reorder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "repackage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "repaired" = True
isAnagramIndicator "replaced" = True
isAnagramIndicator "repositioned" = True
isAnagramIndicator "resettled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reshaped" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reshuffle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "resort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "restless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "restoration" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revamp" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reviewed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revision" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revolting" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revolutionary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rework" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rewritten" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ridiculous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rig" = True
isAnagramIndicator "riotously" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rocky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rogue" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rollicking" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rotten" = True
isAnagramIndicator "roughly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "round" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rubbish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ruin" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ruination" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rum" = True
isAnagramIndicator "run riot" = True
isAnagramIndicator "run wild" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ruptured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sabotage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sadly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "salad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scattered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scraggy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scramble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scrappy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "screw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "screwed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "screwy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scruffy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sculpture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "seedy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "served" = True
isAnagramIndicator "set" = True
isAnagramIndicator "set out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shaken" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shambles" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shape" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shaped" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shattered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shifty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shot" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shown off" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shuffled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sick" = True
isAnagramIndicator "silly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sketchy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "slapdash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "slaughtered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sloppy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "smashed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "snarled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "solution" = True
isAnagramIndicator "somehow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sort of" = True
isAnagramIndicator "soup" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sozzled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spasmodic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spattered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "special" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spilled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spinning" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spoilt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sprayed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spread" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spun" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spurious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "squiffy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "staged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "staggering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stormy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "strangely" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "structured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "struggling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stupidly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "styled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stylistic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "substituted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "supply" = True
isAnagramIndicator "surprising" = True
isAnagramIndicator "suspect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swilled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swimming" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swirling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "switched" = True
isAnagramIndicator "synthetic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tailor" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tainted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tangle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "teetering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "terrible" = True
isAnagramIndicator "thrashing about" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tidy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tight" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tipsy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "topsy-turvy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tormented" = True
isAnagramIndicator "torn" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tortuous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "torture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tortured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trained" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transformed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "translated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "translation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transmute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transposed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trashed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "treated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "treatment" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tricky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trim" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trouble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tumbling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tumultuous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "turbulent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "turn" = True
isAnagramIndicator "turning" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tweaked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "twisted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "type" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ugly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncontrolled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unconventional" = True
isAnagramIndicator "undone" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unexpected" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unfamiliar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unkempt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unnatural" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unorthodox" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unpredictable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unravelling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unrestrained" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unruly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unscrambled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unsettled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unsound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unstable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unsteady" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untidy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unusual" = True
isAnagramIndicator "upheaval" = True
isAnagramIndicator "upset" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vacillating" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vaguely" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vandalized" = True
isAnagramIndicator "variant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "variation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "variety" = True
isAnagramIndicator "various" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "versatile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "version" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vigorously" = True
isAnagramIndicator "violated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "violently" = True
isAnagramIndicator "volatile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wacky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wandering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "warped" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wasted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wayward" = True
isAnagramIndicator "weaved" = True
isAnagramIndicator "weird" = True
isAnagramIndicator "whip up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "whirl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "whisk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wild" = True
isAnagramIndicator "winding" = True
isAnagramIndicator "work" = True
isAnagramIndicator "worked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "worried" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "woven" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wrecked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wrestle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "writhing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wrong" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wrought" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "yielding" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "zany" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abandon" = True
isAnagramIndicator "aberration" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abnormal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abominable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "about" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abroad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abstract" = True
isAnagramIndicator "absurd" = True
isAnagramIndicator "abuse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "accident" = True
isAnagramIndicator "active" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adapt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adjust" = True
isAnagramIndicator "administer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ado" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adrift" = True
isAnagramIndicator "adulterate " = True
isAnagramIndicator "adverse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "affect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "afflict" = True
isAnagramIndicator "afresh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "aggravate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "aggrieve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "agile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "agitate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ail" = True
isAnagramIndicator "alien" = True
isAnagramIndicator "all over the place" = True
isAnagramIndicator "alter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "alternative" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amiss" = True
isAnagramIndicator "amorphous " = True
isAnagramIndicator "amuse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "analysis" = True
isAnagramIndicator "annoy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anomaly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "another" = True
isAnagramIndicator "antagonize" = True
isAnagramIndicator "antic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anxious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anyhow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "anyway" = True
isAnagramIndicator "approximate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "arbitrary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "architecture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "around" = True
isAnagramIndicator "arouse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "arrange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "art" = True
isAnagramIndicator "artifice" = True
isAnagramIndicator "askew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "assault" = True
isAnagramIndicator "assemble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "assort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "astray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "at sea" = True
isAnagramIndicator "at sixes and sevens" = True
isAnagramIndicator "attack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "attempt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "atypical" = True
isAnagramIndicator "awful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "awkward" = True
isAnagramIndicator "awry " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "babble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "baffle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ballet" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bananas" = True
isAnagramIndicator "barking" = True
isAnagramIndicator "basket-case" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bats" = True
isAnagramIndicator "battle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "beat" = True
isAnagramIndicator "become" = True
isAnagramIndicator "befuddle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bewilder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bicker " = True
isAnagramIndicator "bits" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bizarre" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blighted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blithering" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blotto" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "blunder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bluster" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bob" = True
isAnagramIndicator "boil" = True
isAnagramIndicator "boisterous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bomb" = True
isAnagramIndicator "booby" = True
isAnagramIndicator "boozy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "botch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bother" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bounce" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "box" = True
isAnagramIndicator "brawl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "breach" = True
isAnagramIndicator "break" = True
isAnagramIndicator "breeze" = True
isAnagramIndicator "brew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "broadcast " = True
isAnagramIndicator "broth" = True
isAnagramIndicator "buckle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "budge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "buffet" = True
isAnagramIndicator "build" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bully" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bump" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bungle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "burst" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bust" = True
isAnagramIndicator "bustle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "butcher" = True
isAnagramIndicator "Byzantine" = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "calamity" = True
isAnagramIndicator "camouflage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "caper" = True
isAnagramIndicator "caprice" = True
isAnagramIndicator "career" = True
isAnagramIndicator "careless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "carry on" = True
isAnagramIndicator "carve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "casual" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cause" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cavalier" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cavort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "change" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chaotic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "characters" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chemistry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chop" = True
isAnagramIndicator "chuck" = True
isAnagramIndicator "circulate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "circus" = True
isAnagramIndicator "clash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "clever" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cloud" = True
isAnagramIndicator "clumsy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "coarse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cocktail" = True
isAnagramIndicator "collage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "collapse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "collate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "collect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "comedy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "comical" = True
isAnagramIndicator "commotion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "complex" = True
isAnagramIndicator "complicate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "compromise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "conceive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "concoct" = True
isAnagramIndicator "confection" = True
isAnagramIndicator "configure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "conflict" = True
isAnagramIndicator "confound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "confuse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "construe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contentious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contradict" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contrary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contrast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "contrive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "controversy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "convert" = True
isAnagramIndicator "convolute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "convulse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cook" = True
isAnagramIndicator "corked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "corrupt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "could be" = True
isAnagramIndicator "counterfeit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cower" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crafty " = True
isAnagramIndicator "cranky " = True
isAnagramIndicator "crash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crazy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "create" = True
isAnagramIndicator "creep" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crime" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cripple" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crisis" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crooked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crude" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "crush" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cryptic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cuckoo" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cultivate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "culture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cunning" = True
isAnagramIndicator "curdle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "curious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "cut and paste " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "daft" = True
isAnagramIndicator "damage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dance" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "debacle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "debauch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "debris" = True
isAnagramIndicator "decadent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "decay" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deceive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "decipher" = True
isAnagramIndicator "decline" = True
isAnagramIndicator "decode" = True
isAnagramIndicator "decompose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deconstruct" = True
isAnagramIndicator "defective" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deform" = True
isAnagramIndicator "degenerate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "delinquent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "delude" = True
isAnagramIndicator "demolish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deplorable " = True
isAnagramIndicator "deploy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deprave" = True
isAnagramIndicator "derange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "derelict" = True
isAnagramIndicator "derive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "describe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "design" = True
isAnagramIndicator "despair" = True
isAnagramIndicator "desperate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "destroy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deteriorate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "devastate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "develop" = True
isAnagramIndicator "deviate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "diabolical" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dicky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "different" = True
isAnagramIndicator "difficult" = True
isAnagramIndicator "digress" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dilapidated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dilemma" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dire" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disarray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disaster" = True
isAnagramIndicator "discomfort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "discompose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disconcert" = True
isAnagramIndicator "discord" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disease" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disengage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disfigure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disgrace" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disgruntled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disguise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disingenuous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disjoint" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dislocate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dislodge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dismantle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dismember" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disobey" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disorder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disorganised" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disperse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "displace" = True
isAnagramIndicator "display" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dispose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dispute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disrepair" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disrupt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dissect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dissipate " = True
isAnagramIndicator "dissolute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dissolve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distract" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distress" = True
isAnagramIndicator "distribute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "disturb" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dither" = True
isAnagramIndicator "divert" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dizzy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "doctor" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dodge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dotty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "doubt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "drag" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dreadful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dress" = True
isAnagramIndicator "drift" = True
isAnagramIndicator "drive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "drunk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "dubious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "eccentric" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ecstasy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "edgy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "edit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "elaborate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "elastic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "else" = True
isAnagramIndicator "emerge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "energy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "engage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "enigma" = True
isAnagramIndicator "entangle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "entertain" = True
isAnagramIndicator "entwine" = True
isAnagramIndicator "equivocal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "erratic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "erroneous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "erupt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "evolve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exacerbate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exceptional" = True
isAnagramIndicator "excite" = True
isAnagramIndicator "excursion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "execute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exercise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exotic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "expatiate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "explode" = True
isAnagramIndicator "exploit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "extraordinary " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fail" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fall" = True
isAnagramIndicator "false" = True
isAnagramIndicator "falter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fancy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fantasy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fashion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fault" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fever" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fiasco" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fickle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fiddle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fidget" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fierce" = True
isAnagramIndicator "figures" = True
isAnagramIndicator "finesse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fishy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fitful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fix" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fizzy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flaky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flap" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flaw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flexible" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flicker" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flighty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flimsy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flirt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "floppy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flounce" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flounder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flourish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fluctuate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fluid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fluster" = True
isAnagramIndicator "flux" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fold" = True
isAnagramIndicator "foreign" = True
isAnagramIndicator "forge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "form" = True
isAnagramIndicator "formulate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "foul" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fracture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fragile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fragment" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frantic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "free" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frenzy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fresh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frightful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frisky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frivolous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "frolic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fudge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "funny" = True
isAnagramIndicator "furore" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fury" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fuse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "fuss" = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gad about" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gallivant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gangling" = True
isAnagramIndicator "garble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gauche" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gear" = True
isAnagramIndicator "generate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "germinate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ghastly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gibber" = True
isAnagramIndicator "giddy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "giggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "glide" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gnarl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gnash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "go" = True
isAnagramIndicator "googly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grapple" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grave" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grief" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grim" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grind" = True
isAnagramIndicator "groggy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gross" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ground" = True
isAnagramIndicator "group" = True
isAnagramIndicator "grow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "guise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "gyrate " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "haggard" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hallucination" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hammer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "handicraft" = True
isAnagramIndicator "handiwork" = True
isAnagramIndicator "handle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "haphazard" = True
isAnagramIndicator "harass" = True
isAnagramIndicator "harm" = True
isAnagramIndicator "harsh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hatch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "have" = True
isAnagramIndicator "havoc" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hazard" = True
isAnagramIndicator "haze" = True
isAnagramIndicator "heave" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hectic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "helpless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "helter-skelter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hesitant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hideous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "high" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hook" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hop" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horrible" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horrid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horse around" = True
isAnagramIndicator "horseplay" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hotch-potch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hover" = True
isAnagramIndicator "however" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hurl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hurt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hybrid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "hysteria " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "idiosyncratic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill-defined" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ill-disposed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "illegal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "illicit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "illusion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "imagine" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impair" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impede" = True
isAnagramIndicator "imperfect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impersonate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impolitic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impromptu" = True
isAnagramIndicator "improper" = True
isAnagramIndicator "improvise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "impure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in a way" = True
isAnagramIndicator "in solution" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inaccurate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "incoherent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "incompetent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "incongruous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "incorrect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "incredible" = True
isAnagramIndicator "indecent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "indefinite" = True
isAnagramIndicator "indirect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "indispose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "indistinct" = True
isAnagramIndicator "individual" = True
isAnagramIndicator "indulge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inebriate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inexact" = True
isAnagramIndicator "infirm" = True
isAnagramIndicator "informal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ingenius" = True
isAnagramIndicator "injure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "inquietude" = True
isAnagramIndicator "interfere" = True
isAnagramIndicator "interpret" = True
isAnagramIndicator "into" = True
isAnagramIndicator "intrigue" = True
isAnagramIndicator "invalid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "invent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "involve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "irregular" = True
isAnagramIndicator "irresolute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "irritate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "itch " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jam" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jargon" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jaunt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jazz" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jerk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jib" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jiggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jitter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jockey" = True
isAnagramIndicator "joke" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jolly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jolt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jostle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "journey" = True
isAnagramIndicator "joust" = True
isAnagramIndicator "juggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jump" = True
isAnagramIndicator "jungle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "junk" = True
isAnagramIndicator "just " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kick" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kind" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kinematic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kinetic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "kink" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knead" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knock" = True
isAnagramIndicator "knot " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "labour" = True
isAnagramIndicator "labyrinth" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lament" = True
isAnagramIndicator "languid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lark" = True
isAnagramIndicator "latent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "latitude" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lay " = True
isAnagramIndicator "laze" = True
isAnagramIndicator "leap" = True
isAnagramIndicator "legerdemain" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lenient" = True
isAnagramIndicator "liberal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "licence" = True
isAnagramIndicator "limber " = True
isAnagramIndicator "liquid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lissom" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lively" = True
isAnagramIndicator "loll" = True
isAnagramIndicator "loose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lost" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lounge " = True
isAnagramIndicator "lousy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ludicrous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lunatic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "lurch " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "Machiavellian" = True
isAnagramIndicator "machinate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maelstrom" = True
isAnagramIndicator "magic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "make" = True
isAnagramIndicator "make up" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malaise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malcontent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malformation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malfunction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malicious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "malleable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maltreat" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mangle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manipulate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manoeuvre" = True
isAnagramIndicator "manufacture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "marvel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "masquerade" = True
isAnagramIndicator "massage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "masticate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "material" = True
isAnagramIndicator "matter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maul" = True
isAnagramIndicator "maybe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "meddle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "medley" = True
isAnagramIndicator "melee" = True
isAnagramIndicator "melodrama" = True
isAnagramIndicator "melt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "menace" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mercurial" = True
isAnagramIndicator "merry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mesh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mess" = True
isAnagramIndicator "might be" = True
isAnagramIndicator "migrate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mince" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mingle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misbehave" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mischief" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misconduct" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misconstrue" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misdirect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misery" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misguided" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mishandle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mishmash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mislead" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misplace" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misrepresent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misshape" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misspell" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mistake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mistreat" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misunderstand" = True
isAnagramIndicator "misuse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mix " = True
isAnagramIndicator "mobile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "model" = True
isAnagramIndicator "moderate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "modify" = True
isAnagramIndicator "modulate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "monstrous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "motion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "motive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mould" = True
isAnagramIndicator "move" = True
isAnagramIndicator "muddle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "murky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mush" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mutate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mutilate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mutiny" = True
isAnagramIndicator "mysterious " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nasty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "naughty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "neglect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "negotiate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nervous " = True
isAnagramIndicator "new " = True
isAnagramIndicator "nimble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nobble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nomadic " = True
isAnagramIndicator "nonconforming " = True
isAnagramIndicator "nonplus" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nonsense" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nonstandard " = True
isAnagramIndicator "nouveau " = True
isAnagramIndicator "novel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "nutty " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "objectionable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "oblique" = True
isAnagramIndicator "obscene" = True
isAnagramIndicator "obscure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "odd" = True
isAnagramIndicator "off" = True
isAnagramIndicator "offend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "onslaught" = True
isAnagramIndicator "operate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "option" = True
isAnagramIndicator "orchestra" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ordeal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "order" = True
isAnagramIndicator "organize" = True
isAnagramIndicator "orgy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "original" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ornate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "oscillate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ostensible " = True
isAnagramIndicator "otherwise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ought to be" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of order" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of place" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of shape" = True
isAnagramIndicator "out of sorts" = True
isAnagramIndicator "outlandish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "outrageous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "outwardly " = True
isAnagramIndicator "overcome" = True
isAnagramIndicator "overhaul" = True
isAnagramIndicator "overt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "overthrow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "overturn" = True
isAnagramIndicator "overwhelm" = True
isAnagramIndicator "overwrought " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "palpitate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pan" = True
isAnagramIndicator "panic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "paradox" = True
isAnagramIndicator "parody" = True
isAnagramIndicator "particular" = True
isAnagramIndicator "parts" = True
isAnagramIndicator "passion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "patch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pathetic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pattern" = True
isAnagramIndicator "peculiar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "peeve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pelt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "penal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perform" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perhaps" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "permutation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perpetrate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perplex " = True
isAnagramIndicator "persecute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "persuade" = True
isAnagramIndicator "perturb" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pervert" = True
isAnagramIndicator "petulant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "phony" = True
isAnagramIndicator "physical jerks" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pick out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pick to pieces" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pickled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "piecemeal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pieces" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pique" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pirouette" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pitch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pitiful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pivot" = True
isAnagramIndicator "place" = True
isAnagramIndicator "plastic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "play" = True
isAnagramIndicator "plight " = True
isAnagramIndicator "plot" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ply" = True
isAnagramIndicator "poke" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pooh pooh" = True
isAnagramIndicator "poor" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pop" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "position" = True
isAnagramIndicator "possible" = True
isAnagramIndicator "potential" = True
isAnagramIndicator "potty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "prance" = True
isAnagramIndicator "prank" = True
isAnagramIndicator "precarious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "predicament" = True
isAnagramIndicator "prepare" = True
isAnagramIndicator "press" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pretend" = True
isAnagramIndicator "primitive" = True
isAnagramIndicator "problem " = True
isAnagramIndicator "process " = True
isAnagramIndicator "produce" = True
isAnagramIndicator "profligate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "program" = True
isAnagramIndicator "propel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "protest" = True
isAnagramIndicator "provoke" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pull into line" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pull to pieces" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pulp" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pulverize" = True
isAnagramIndicator "pummel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "punch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "punish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "push" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put in order" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put off" = True
isAnagramIndicator "put right" = True
isAnagramIndicator "puzzle " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quaint" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quandary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quarrel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "queer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "question" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quirky" = True
isAnagramIndicator "quiver " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rabble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "radical" = True
isAnagramIndicator "raffish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ragged" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rail" = True
isAnagramIndicator "raillery" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rally" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ramble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rampage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ramshackle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "random" = True
isAnagramIndicator "range" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rare" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rattle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ratty" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ravage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "raw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reaction" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rearrange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reassemble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rebel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rebuild" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recast" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recipe " = True
isAnagramIndicator "reckless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recollect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recombine" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reconsider" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reconstruct" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recreate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rectify" = True
isAnagramIndicator "recycle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redesign" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redevelop" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redirect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rediscover" = True
isAnagramIndicator "redraw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reform" = True
isAnagramIndicator "regenerate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "regrettable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reincarnate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "relaunch" = True
isAnagramIndicator "relax" = True
isAnagramIndicator "relay" = True
isAnagramIndicator "relocate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "remarkable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rend " = True
isAnagramIndicator "render" = True
isAnagramIndicator "renew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "renovate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reorganise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "repackage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "repair" = True
isAnagramIndicator "replace" = True
isAnagramIndicator "represent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "reproduce" = True
isAnagramIndicator "resettle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "resolve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "restitution" = True
isAnagramIndicator "restless" = True
isAnagramIndicator "restore" = True
isAnagramIndicator "restructure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "review" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revolt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revolutionary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "revolve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rewrite" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rickety" = True
isAnagramIndicator "riddle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ridicule " = True
isAnagramIndicator "rig" = True
isAnagramIndicator "riot" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rip" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ripple" = True
isAnagramIndicator "roam" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rock" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rogue" = True
isAnagramIndicator "roll" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rotten" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rough" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rouse" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rove" = True
isAnagramIndicator "row" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rubbish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ruffle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ruin" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rum" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "run" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rupture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "rustic " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "salad" = True
isAnagramIndicator "savage" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scandal" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scathe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scatter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scheme" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scramble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scrap" = True
isAnagramIndicator "screw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "scuffle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sculpture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "seedy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "seesaw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "seizure" = True
isAnagramIndicator "serve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "set" = True
isAnagramIndicator "set in motion" = True
isAnagramIndicator "set out" = True
isAnagramIndicator "set right" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shake" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sham" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shambles" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shatter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shift " = True
isAnagramIndicator "shimmer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shimmy " = True
isAnagramIndicator "shiver" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shock" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shoddy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shot" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shove" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shred" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shudder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "shuffle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sick" = True
isAnagramIndicator "silly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "singular" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sinuous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "skip" = True
isAnagramIndicator "skittish" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sleight" = True
isAnagramIndicator "slide" = True
isAnagramIndicator "slip" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sloppy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "smack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "smash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "smudge" = True
isAnagramIndicator "solve" = True
isAnagramIndicator "somehow" = True
isAnagramIndicator "somersault" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sophisticated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sorry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sort" = True
isAnagramIndicator "soup" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spank" = True
isAnagramIndicator "speculate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spill" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spin" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spirited" = True
isAnagramIndicator "split" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spoil" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sport" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sprawl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spread" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sprightly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spring" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sprinkle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "spurious" = True
isAnagramIndicator "squirm" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stagger" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stampede" = True
isAnagramIndicator "startle " = True
isAnagramIndicator "stew" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stir" = True
isAnagramIndicator "storm" = True
isAnagramIndicator "straighten" = True
isAnagramIndicator "strange" = True
isAnagramIndicator "strategy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stray" = True
isAnagramIndicator "struggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stunt" = True
isAnagramIndicator "stupid" = True
isAnagramIndicator "style" = True
isAnagramIndicator "substance" = True
isAnagramIndicator "suffer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "supple" = True
isAnagramIndicator "surgery" = True
isAnagramIndicator "surprise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "suspect" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swagger" = True
isAnagramIndicator "sway" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swim" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "swirl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "switch " = True
isAnagramIndicator "synthetic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tackle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tactics" = True
isAnagramIndicator "take badly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "take by surprise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "take ill" = True
isAnagramIndicator "take liberties" = True
isAnagramIndicator "take wing" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tamper" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tangle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tawdry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tear" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tease" = True
isAnagramIndicator "teeter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "temperamental" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tempered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "terrible" = True
isAnagramIndicator "theatrical" = True
isAnagramIndicator "thrash" = True
isAnagramIndicator "threaten" = True
isAnagramIndicator "throb" = True
isAnagramIndicator "throw" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tickle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tinker" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tipsy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tongue in cheek" = True
isAnagramIndicator "torment" = True
isAnagramIndicator "torture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "toss" = True
isAnagramIndicator "totter" = True
isAnagramIndicator "touchy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tour" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tousle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "toy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tragic" = True
isAnagramIndicator "train" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transfer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transform" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transition" = True
isAnagramIndicator "translate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transmute" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transport" = True
isAnagramIndicator "transpose" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trash " = True
isAnagramIndicator "travel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "treachery" = True
isAnagramIndicator "treat" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tremble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trepidation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trial" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tribulation" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trick" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trip" = True
isAnagramIndicator "trouble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tumble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tumult" = True
isAnagramIndicator "turbulent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "turmoil" = True
isAnagramIndicator "turn" = True
isAnagramIndicator "tweak" = True
isAnagramIndicator "twirl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "twist" = True
isAnagramIndicator "twitch " = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unbalanced" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unbridled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unbundle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncanny" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncertain" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncivilised" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncontrolled" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unconventional" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncultivated" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uncured" = True
isAnagramIndicator "undecided" = True
isAnagramIndicator "undefined" = True
isAnagramIndicator "undisciplined" = True
isAnagramIndicator "undulate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unearthly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unexpected" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unfaithful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unfettered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unfit" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unfortunate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unfurl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ungainly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "ungoverned" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unhappy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unhealthy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unlawful" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unlikely" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unnatural" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unordered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unorthodox" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unprepared" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unravel" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unrecognisable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unrest" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unrestrained" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unrestricted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unruly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unscrupulous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unseemly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unsettle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unsound" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unstable" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unsteady" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untamed" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untethered" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untidy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untoward" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untrained" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untrue" = True
isAnagramIndicator "untutored" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unusual" = True
isAnagramIndicator "unwieldy" = True
isAnagramIndicator "up in the air" = True
isAnagramIndicator "upheaval" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uprise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "uproar" = True
isAnagramIndicator "upset " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vacillate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vagrant" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vague" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vary" = True
isAnagramIndicator "veer" = True
isAnagramIndicator "venture" = True
isAnagramIndicator "versatile" = True
isAnagramIndicator "version" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vex" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vibrate" = True
isAnagramIndicator "vigorous" = True
isAnagramIndicator "violent" = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wag" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wander" = True
isAnagramIndicator "warp" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wasted" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wave" = True
isAnagramIndicator "waver" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wayward" = True
isAnagramIndicator "weird " = True
isAnagramIndicator "whack" = True
isAnagramIndicator "whirl" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wicked" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wiggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wild" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wind" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wise" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wobble" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wonder" = True
isAnagramIndicator "woolly" = True
isAnagramIndicator "work" = True
isAnagramIndicator "worry" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wreck" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wrestle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wretched" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wriggle" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wring" = True
isAnagramIndicator "writhe" = True
isAnagramIndicator "wrong" = True
isAnagramIndicator "  " = True
isAnagramIndicator "" = True
isAnagramIndicator "zany" = True